the surprise package of last year Canada
traveled to Tokyo to face Japan the
hosts were hoping to reach the second
round for the first time and started off
with the world number 18k Nishikori
against Peter Polanski world ranked 135
Mr curry was made to work by the
Canadian after a slow start the home
favorite took the opening set though and
controlled the second
that said we're the same way as the
first and the Sakura continued in the
third the first rubber then to Japan
go sueda and frank dan Javitch was also
a one-sided affair the big Canadians
served proving the difference danja
bitch hitting 16 aces in the match he
wrapped up the third set in just 32
minutes all to play for
going into the doubles
and both captains went with that number
ones for the doubles with Nishikori
teaming up with Yasser Takayama and Dan
Jewish with the experienced Daniel
Nestor
the Japanese pair used their speed and
agility to great effect against the
taller more powerful Canadians
not a regular - Devils Nishikori looks
comfortable throughout and his partner
served out the win Japan taken the
advantage into the final day
banja bitch and Nishikori back inside
the Ariake Coliseum on day 3 Japan
looking to make history vibrates you the
quarterfinals for the first time and
Nishikori wrestle control of the opening
set
taking it 6-2
and then disaster struck for Canada
danja which suffering a stomach muscle
problem which proved too painful to
continue Japan threw in muted fashion
you